[AEA-722] connections readme added (#1553)
fetchai/agents-aea: packages/fetchai/connections/tcp/readme.md

# TCP client connection

> A simple tcp client and server connection to use the tcp protocol for sending and receiving envelopes.

Reviewer: I would change the title with `client/server` instead of just `client`

> # TCP client connection
> Simple tcp client connection to deal with tcp protocol
> 
> ## Usage
> Send and receive binary data stream using messages.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
# TCP client connection
A simple tcp client and server connection to use the tcp protocol for sending and receiving envelopes.

## Usage
Add the connection to your AEA project: `aea add connection fetchai/tcp:0.5.0`.
```
